feat(changelog): kubernetes-added-new-kubernetes-operator-to 2023-07-18 (#1937)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/july2023/2023-07-18-kubernetes-added-new-kubernetes-operator-to.mdx

---
title: New Kubernetes operator to support all GPU pools
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #k8s channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-07-18
category: containers
product: kubernetes
---

NVIDIA's [GPU operator](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/gpu-operator/latest/overview.html) is installed by default on all new GPU pools, automatically bringing required software on your GPU worker nodes. 

> Find out how to activate or configure the operator on the [documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/how-to/use-kubernetes-gpu-operator/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find out how to activate or configure the operator in the [documentation](/containers/kubernetes/how-to/use-kubernetes-gpu-operator/).
```
